styleguide.md, before:

# Important colors

| Name           | hex-code  | where is it used          | Where is it from        |
| -------------- | --------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| brown-light-00 | #e5cdad   | header                    | sand in logo            |
| brown-light-01 | #e5cdad5b | every 2nd section         | like sand, but brighter |
| brown-dark     | #a96e33   | header, footer, reduction | trunk in logo           |
| brown-dark-01  | #895929   | button:hover              | darken brown dark       |

# Font sizes

| Font level | Mobile Size | Desktop Size |
| ---------- | ----------- | ------------ |
| 4          | 38px        | 53px         |
| 3          | 27px        | 38px         |
| 2          | 20px        | 27px         |
| 1          | 14px        | 20px         |
| 0          | 10px        | 14px         |

| Level | where is it used           |
| ----- | -------------------------- |
| 4     | .hero\_\_title             |
| 4     | h1 (is .hero\_\_title)     |
| 3     | h2                         |
| 2     | h3                         |
| 2     | header                     |
| 2     | hero\_\_supertitle         |
| 2     | .hero\_\_subjektorientiert |
| 2     | hero\_\_supertitle         |
| 1     | reduction                  |
| 1     | text                       |
| 1     | button                     |
| 1     | footer                     |
| 1     | button                     |
| 1     | text                       |
| 0     | footer                     |

Mobile: 1
Desktop:

Commit message:

Increase contrast of dark brown

styleguide.md, after:

# Important colors

| Name           | hex-code  | where is it used          | Where is it from                                      |
| -------------- | --------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| brown-light-00 | #e5cdad   | header                    | sand in logo                                          |
| brown-light-01 | #e5cdad5b | every 2nd section         | like sand, but brighter                               |
| brown-dark     | #9a6e42   | header, footer, reduction | trunk in logo - slightly darkened for better contrast |
| brown-dark-01  | #895929   | button:hover              | darken brown dark                                     |

# Font sizes

| Font level | Mobile Size | Desktop Size |
| ---------- | ----------- | ------------ |
| 4          | 38px        | 53px         |
| 3          | 27px        | 38px         |
| 2          | 20px        | 27px         |
| 1          | 14px        | 20px         |
| 0          | 10px        | 14px         |

| Level | where is it used           |
| ----- | -------------------------- |
| 4     | .hero\_\_title             |
| 4     | h1 (is .hero\_\_title)     |
| 3     | h2                         |
| 2     | h3                         |
| 2     | header                     |
| 2     | hero\_\_supertitle         |
| 2     | .hero\_\_subjektorientiert |
| 2     | hero\_\_supertitle         |
| 1     | reduction                  |
| 1     | text                       |
| 1     | button                     |
| 1     | footer                     |
| 1     | button                     |
| 1     | text                       |
| 0     | footer                     |

Mobile: 1
Desktop:
